{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red7\green55\blue121;\red23\green130\blue191;\red181\green35\blue180;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c2745\c21569\c47451;\csgenericrgb\c9020\c50980\c74902;\csgenericrgb\c70980\c13725\c70588;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8160\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 \ulc0 Project: New consulting service at Kickstarter 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulc0 \
\
\
Project Overview : \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Kickstarter is crowdfunding platform which can raise a small financial aid from large number of people throughout the internet. This platform is thinking to create a consulting service to project founder to help its customers create more successful crowdfunding campaigns.\
It is important to clean up the data first for avoiding the duplicates and empty data. moreover, filtering the whole data in xls file showed that most of the funding date between 2010 to 2012.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 4 Business questions to ask with Kickstarter data:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. what is the best length of time to run a successful Kickstarter campaign ?\
2. what is the ideal pledge goal ? \
3. what type of projects would be most successful and getting funded ? \
4. Is there an ideal month/day/time to launch a campaign?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Methods, data reviews and cleaning process \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li540\fi-540\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone 1. Methods: \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-450\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Used Python method and import data  using pandas\
- All figures and number was imported using seaborn, numpy, matplotlib\
- All the statistical analysis was imported using Ipython , scipy.stats   \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.   Data reviews: \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-450\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Checked by importing the information about the number of data , the number columns , and describe the data of each column.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li540\fi-540\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.   Cleaning the data:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-450\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - From 0, empty, $ sign can affect the results. \
- Check the data uniqueness . \
- Remove the duplicate data \
- Remove some columns that has no major effect \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The mean of total pledge that projects get \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone This information can be obtained from describe data. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The best length of time to run a successful campaign \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone To run a successful campaign:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0  - select the successful campaign only by drop or remove the other status. \
 - then see the successful status based on pledged.\

\b\fs40 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \ulc0 The distribution of duration \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 \ulnone Mean = 37.96\
Mode=30\
Median = 31.0\
Std = 16.64 \
Area probability = 0.9887 > 0.05 \
Not normally distributed \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The best length of time to run a successful campaign \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf3 In conclusion: Games and technology showed to be more funded promised and high backers followed by design and food.    \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The type of projects which can obtain the fund  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf3 In conclusion: Design and Art found to have the highest funded percentage 7.5 and 6.8 each. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The ideal month/day/time to launch a successful campaign   \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf3 In conclusion: based on the high project sponsor that best time was Wednesday on 14 march 2012.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf4 In summary : Games, design and technology showed to be more funded promised, and more sponsored. The best time showed that 14 March 2012  obtained more funded project. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-450\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
}